40-draft-landing-page-text-for-primer (#45)
Open-Telecoms-Data/open-fibre-data-standard: docs/primer/index.md

# Primer

> In his Primer, you will find resources that cover the following topics:
> 
> - [Open Fibre Data](openfibredata) introduces open fibre data and helps to answer the question of why we might want to publish it.
> - [The Open Fibre Data Standard](openfibredatastandard) (OFDS) introduces the OFDS and OFDS data, and helps to answer the question of why we might want to use the OFDS.
> - [Scope and Key Concepts](scopeandkeyconcepts) introduces layers, actors and business models in fibre optic networks, and provides some definitions for key concepts in the OFDS.
> 
> Looking to learn how to publish and use open fibre data? Read the [guidance](../guidance).
> 
> Looking for details of the OFDS data model? Read the [reference](../reference).
> 

Reviewer: I've suggested a copy-edit based on the guidance and tools in the [readability](https://ofds-standard-development-handbook.readthedocs.io/en/latest/style/common_conventions.html#readability) section of the handbook (I find [Hemingway Editor](https://hemingwayapp.com/) very useful). In particular:

* Use clear and concise sentences for the benefit of non-native English speakers
* Use second person narrative (you) rather than first person narrative (we)
* Use consistent capitalisation
* Avoid incomplete sentences

```suggestion

This Primer provides an introduction to:

* [Open fibre data](openfibredata) and the reasons for publishing it.
* [The Open Fibre Data Standard](openfibredatastandard) (OFDS) and the reasons for using it.
* [The scope of OFDS and key concepts](scopeandkeyconcepts) that you need to understand

Do you want to learn how to publish or use open fibre data? Read the [guidance](../guidance).

Are you looking for details of the OFDS data model and the rules for publishers? Read the [reference](../reference).
```
